hi I'm Martin Dorset and welcome to
catch a rising star today I'll be joined
in the studio with mr. ronnie Lott he's
considered one of the greatest defensive
backs to ever play in the National
Football League he's also a four time
Super Bowl champ with the San Francisco
49ers Ronnie how you don't from doing
far already good to see guys seeing you
can you tell us just a secret to your
success of last in 15 seasons in the
National Football League well I think
the first thing would be my heart I
think when you play in the National
Football League you got to display a lot
of heart you got to have a lot of will
and you got to believe that you're the
best and I think that that's something
that I always wanted to display was
always something that I wanted to give
to the game and I've always felt that
that was my best attribute okay Ronnie
after playing ten seasons with Sam Cisco
49ers were prompted you to sign with the
Los Angeles Raiders wow it's it's an
interesting question because I tell you
at the time when I was with the 49ers I
thought I thought that I would retire as
a 49er but Carmen policy Eddie DeBartolo
bill walls George Seaford all felt that
I probably couldn't play any longer I
had a knee problem they said well you
could only play one more year I felt
that I could play longer also they
wanted to reduce my salary and with that
in mind us and what I got to move on I
got to move on and it was best for me to
move on it was best for the 49ers that I
moved on it allowed them to make some
good decisions in the secondary but it
also allowed me to continue my career as
a football player and I I wanted to go
on and play longer than just one more
year and I was able to do that okay
after the Raiders and signed with the
jets posted a career-high 123 tackles I
mean usually a linebacker makes this
mini tablets but you were a defensive
back well that's what happens when you
play with the Jets oh that's what
happens and the reason why that happens
is that we really didn't have the type
of defense that I had with the 49ers so
I had Fred denied hakstol Reynolds I had
some great players that I played with
when I was with the 49ers as well as
with the Raiders we have one of our own
here Howie Long in front of me so it was
a lot easier for me going
in two games knowing that I had some
guys that can make plays where when I
went to the Jets it was very difficult
it was difficult because I didn't have
the type of talent that you need to have
to be a great football player or a great
defensive team and that allowed me to
make more tackles but I paid for it no I
I recall the game where you were Green
Bay you returned a 57-yard TD and
reception return and you did it on a
hairline fracture to your shin bone but
then a 95 when you play with the Chiefs
you broke your leg then you retired um I
think what happened there I need when I
played the first time obviously I was
younger I was more enthused I was
stronger and when that happened where I
broke my fibula and really fractured it
at the time he said well can you play I
was a big game for us we're back in
Green Bay was a cold day but I said look
guys whatever you can do to me to get me
back on the football field all play I
took a shot in the leg it numbed that
area up for me I went out somehow
somebody threw me a ball and I was able
to take it back it was very painful I
paid for it I missed the next game but I
felt that that's something that I wanted
to do as a football player it's
interesting is that when you look at the
game of football just like when you look
at the game of life it's things that we
all have to do to sacrifice and I felt
like at that time I want to sacrifice
for my football team to show them that I
could be a great player but when I went
to Kansas City the same thing happened
to me there it was time for me to hang
it up I felt that I had exhausted
football I felt that I couldn't do
anymore I didn't have the legs that I
had when I played with the 49ers and it
was time for me to quit okay now a big
question do you see yourself become the
head coach and the near future with all
the success of Tony Dungy and Tampa Bay
and once was it defensive back you know
what's funny is that people have asked
me that question a lot it's been been
mentioned to me a number of times
looking at tony and his success
understanding the personality that he
has I would love to follow in his
footsteps but the be honest with you I
enjoy being around the guys here no
working with Terry working with how he
working with jb it's been a it is a team
I'm not the head coach you know and
Terry is probably our head coach but
working with these guys you feel like
you're a part of a group you feel like
you're contributing you're staying
you're staying involved in football and
one day who knows you know but I can
tell you this for sure in my heart I
enjoyed here in my heart one day who
knows I my big head coach well Ronnie
I'd like to thank you for joining me on
catch a rising star and I wish you
continued success with the number one
pregame show in America on fox with jb
terry and holly well I appreciate it man
thanks for having me on your show and
I'm gonna tell you something you are a
story and you just got caught so thanks
a lot man